[PP-3952] Update cohort import documents (#7980)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_partners/isv_partners/cohort_import.md

| `partner_api_key` | String | Yes | Partner-specific API Key, used in all requests from partner to Braze. This key will be cluster-specific (see [Partner API key](#partner-api-key)), so the integration will need to know the cluster to which cohorts will be written. |
| `client_secret` | String | Yes | Data Import Key for the client whose cohort this belongs to. |
| `cohort_id` | String | Yes | Identifier for the cohort. The identifier should be unique for the specified client. |

> | `cohort_changes` | Array of objects | Yes | Objects can have two fields. One, `user_ids`, is required and can be an array of `external_ids`, `device_ids`, and `aliases`. Each element is an ID for a user whose status in the cohort has changed. The second field, `should_remove`, is an optional boolean indicating whether the users in this object should be removed from the cohort instead of added. The default is false. Maximum combined length of the user IDs in a single request is 1000.<br/><br/>Identified users can be matched on either `external_ids` or `aliases`. Anonymous users can be matched on  `device_ids`. Identified users previously created as anonymous users with device_id can not be matched with device ids. You must use external IDs or aliases for identified users. For instance, if you pass in a device ID for an identified user, we will not add or remove that user. You must use external IDs or alias for identified users. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cohort_changes` | Array of objects | Yes | Objects can have two fields. One, `user_ids`, is required and can be an array of `external_ids`, `device_ids`, and `aliases`. Each element is an ID for a user whose status in the cohort has changed. The second field, `should_remove`, is an optional boolean indicating whether the users in this object should be removed from the cohort instead of added. The default is false. The maximum combined length of the user IDs in a single request is 1,000.<br/><br/>Identified users can be matched by either their `external_id` or `alias`. Anonymous users can be matched by their `device_id`. If you pass in a device ID for an identified user, Braze will not add or remove that user. You must use external IDs or aliases for identified users. |
```

## Rate limiting

> In additional to the maximum of 1000 user IDs per request in the User cohort endpoint, these endpoints requests are rate limited to 250k/hr.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the maximum of 1,000 user IDs per request in the user cohort endpoint, these endpoint requests are rate-limited to 250,000 requests per hour.
```
I'm unsure if I translated "250k/hr" correctly, but we should spell it out
